The Shell
Into the deepest darkest secrets inside each human mind.

The first shell
Humans are so devastated to find their shells for future intentions. On the very first day of existence, humans were meant to seek their descendants as a tool to successive their legacy, properties, attributes, and signatures. We’re willing to kill thousands just to save one of our kind. We’re eager to destroy castles to castles just to clarify our honor, to claim our superior, and save the last drops of our own.
The human was never tempted to express their shelf because, by expression, individuals can try to climb up the stair of pride and prejudice. The more you show up your attributes, the more people tend to kneel and soothe down. Expression is the most beautiful interaction god ever made. Anybody even at the lowest level of credit, by screaming and breaking furniture, can gain attention and the fearsomeness of the surroundings. At certain levels of destruction, fears and respect are achieved.
At the root of seldom, one is not hesitant to force other people to follow their path, to eat, sleep, work, and think the way they do. They’re willing to abuse, torture, or kill just to make sure one of their thoughts is to be committed to the next generations, no matter how bad it is. Humans are so afraid of losing their thoughts, the idea that people will forget about them, their contribution, and negate their success. The truth is, everybody will be forgotten someday, sooner or later. No matter who you are, how rich you were, how successful you were, how famous you were, and how much did you influence society, you will still be forgotten.
The second thoughts, these people are so strong in their own opinions and beliefs. No sticks or stones can break their faith in what is good and what is not. Their intermediate perception of life is immutable. And they’re not tempted to kill for that. A human belief so diverged into good and evil. Our minds have a clear line separated between black and white. No mountain is heavier than our cognition, no river is longer than our sights. We’re are persisted rock of solid. And when the stone is challenged, we bounce back as hard as we can to cause as much damage as we are hurting ourselves just to protect our minds.
There were no first shells, the shelling mechanism existed before history, before our first words, first images, and first words. It was one of the inheritance mechanisms which does not require the successor to share genetic information with the predecessor, which we called artificial selection.
Long before books and songs, words and poems, humans found the best way to belonging their will, is to brainwash other people. Each one of us was a perfect shell. When we are born, we can learn anything from scratch, and we believe in those who lie and act the way we are told to. We are not curious or question what has been taught because we’re artificially selected to avoid unexpected feedback. The ones who are not willing to be silent will be reclassified, regrouped, and specifically treated. The current generation of humans is perfected and adjusted to a rate that we can both inherit from our predecessors and fight back at the same time. The idea is to make sure that we’re moving forward without breaking the whole society or at least breaking it but we can still rebuild them after all. As a result, not every innovation is welcome, and not every legacy is maintained. If the rate bend toward innovation too much, human will move too fast that we can collapse anytime without the required resources to get up a gain. On the other hand, if the rate bend toward legacy maintenance, it would take centuries for the next revolution to rise. However, the rate is not to be balanced between those too, but a little bit biased to innovative trends. Because without sufficient changes, society will fall back into primitive ages. Innovation is a micronutrient that we can not live without.
After all, we are all shells. Maybe you think you are original and handmade, but the truth is, we are all shells! We are ninety-nine percent of our predecessors and only one percent of ourselves. Humans have existed for over 300,000 years while the average life expectancy is only 72.6 years recently. If you divide the life expectancy by 300,000 years, we’re only 0.02% of our own. But does human exists in a linear time-space? The answer is no! Most of the gadgets and tools were using today have only been invented in the last 200 years. The feudal and prehistory ages contribute zero to nothing compared to the industrial age. But you’re wrong again. Life and history are more than just tablets and smartphones.
Long before silicon materials, humans have so much more to do with their daily tasks. We’re so doomed to arts and deep thinking. Even though the limitation of a small economy and range of research, humans dug down very deep into what we can imagine. Nowadays, we’re still living around those products include religious, arts of war, the holiness of gods, and the stupidity of how people treated each other. We mined the meanest and finest of all ores. We learned how to do the smallest things. We studied how to write the simplest letter. We practice how to move the slightest steps and kill precious life. When natural resources remained natural, human life was the only thing which is unlimited and as flexible as human thought. We spend thousands of years researching and practicing how to deal with each other to get the most we can and spend the least we want. We were living in a zero-sum world where the only factor which influences that sum is the count of lives and deaths.
6000 years since the earliest cradles of civilizations, the shelling mechanism is heavily challenged by technologies. No man could ever imagine a single piece of metal and plastic can revert the process of brainwashing. Nowadays, no Adolf Hitler can raise the angriness of people because, by a single slide of a finger, a human can access millions of books, billions of articles, and trillions of posts/feeds. Most of the premodern history legacies need to be transformed and converted into new forms to survive the days of millennials. In old age, the death of a member can drag down the whole family into poverty and slavery. In our age, one can make thousands of dollars with little to nothing required. Salvation and starvation are no longer a threat to most of the population. People are kinder and more open, and most of us are willing to share food and cloth. Brainwashing was no longer an effective technique for the shelling mechanism.
For thousands more years, the mechanism will still be around and an effective method to move society forward. we have nothing to agree or disagree with it. It was there before us and will stay after us. We are temporary forms of processing and storing information. Information existed for billions of years and maybe long before that. It will stay for billions more. The shell is just a descriptive term that humans can perceive information. The universe itself is a gigantic shell and we are tiny minions aimed to carve and explore it. There may be plenty of our neighbor aliens out there working the same job we're doing right now but at a different part of the shell. The shell belongs to no one and no one can own it. The shell is for no one and nothing. It was there and it is just there. We're here to observe it, study it, and hopefully contribute to it.
The truth is, we don't know if we're living in the shell or if the shell is living with us. We have no clue whether our existence is any matter with the shell. Does the shell have anything to do with us? Is our existence too small to be notified by the shell itself considering the vast size of the universe? If we're too small to be observed, it would be the beauty of the shell where it hides us, giving us a small fraction of space and time to experience and self-identity ourselves.
We're no match to the shell. We don't have any authoritive to measure or evaluate it. It is super massive compared to us, it contains the whole universe inside. It contains the past, the present, and the future, too. The shell is one and all, for one and all, at one and at all.
Although we're small, we do still matter. The little matters of us and maybe our potential neighbors which we don't know if they existed or not, do still together build up the shell. We're little scratches on the thick and impenetrable wall of the shell. Together, we're building a pattern that we hope one day the outer ones can notice and give us their words. Our life and time are too tiny compared to theirs. One blink of them could be equivalent to the lifetime of the whole universe. We're just a tick on their clock. All of our masterpieces and passion may be just tiny grains of sand on the vast giant ocean. But we never stop, we do matter because we never stop.
Wars and bloods, fields and houses, cities to cities, countries to countries, billions have die to prove that their shell is the most superior. Because human life is limited, they choose to die in honor over living in shame. We have so much to lose. We have loved ones, lives, relatives works, and products that we are proud of and will to sacrify saving them. The shell would be unnecessary if one can live up for millions of years. But that is still infeasible saying the current medical achievements can still not approach a fraction of that. The afraid that our descendant must live inside an evil shell motivate people to rise and protect others on their ones. To clarify, there is no shell better than another shell. The best we can have is the best we can see. The worst we can have is the worst we can't see.
Human intervention is a must in the development of human society. We can't stand and stare because we are meant to protect others. On the other hand, human action build up history and stories. Even our smallest words can move the world into a whole new future. Imagine the future world have trillions of trillions of people, one little of our thoughts may then be multiplied and crossfaded with others which leads to an infinite number of possibilities. So, any one of us plays an essential role in our future lives no matter how small you are, you poor you are, or how meaningless your life is. Although, the beauty of future events is that we can't precalculate them. So, we are responsible and irresponsible for the future at the same time.
